Okay, so
I'd like to have you take a look at this.
You'll see that there are two axes lines,
a risk tolerance and confidence level.
So typically what I see here
is up here in the upper left.
I don't really know what we
don't know about our users, but
I'm not that worried about it.
I feel confident enough that we're just
gonna go ahead and make assumptions and
move forward with those assumptions.
That's usually I'd say nine times out of
10 the the mindset that I see on a lot of
these projects that we go in and work on.
This is a huge risk in
that we risk going in and
really having our own biases inform our
content recommendations and decisions.
Our own internal assumptions that
when we've been navel gazing for
a really long time can be
really skewed and misinformed.
But if you are up for that and
okay with the risk involved,
which is that you're not going to be
addressing your users top tasks or
core preferences, then go for it.
Down here we have least confident and
least risk tolerant.
I'm not sure whether we know very much and
I'm uncomfortable not knowing more,
and so on.
It's kind of helpful to be able to
see where you fall within this grid,
it can help you almost sort
of sell end user research.
If you're saying to folks,
see where you're at to help people clearly
understand that not knowing about
what your users want is a risk, okay?
So this is just sort of useful
to have people step back and
go, I've never thought about not being in
close touch with our users as a risk to
user's satisfaction and task completion.
So, let's say that we've decided, yes, we
want to go and we wanna talk to our folks.
How do you find them?
The first is individual user interviews.
You sometimes don't need very many of
these depending on scope of product or
project.
I think that we've done as few as six and
as many as 100.
I'd say that usually it's between 14 and
18 that we conduct and
this is for
large companies with large product sets.
So if you can get one of your customers or
users on the phone and talk
to them even for 15 minutes about whatever
digital product you're working on.
Or revising or redoing or the product that
you're building it's enormously helpful.
Focus groups, these are a little
bit more difficult to arrange and
organize obviously, I am not as big of
a fan of them because I find that people
either edit themselves or sort of try
to posture in front of other folks.
But they're still useful if you're trying
to get a lot of feedback in a shorter
amount of time.
And then obviously customer feedback form
which is either open ended which is a lot
of, what do you think or
what would you change?
Or closed ended which is where you're
just giving them very specific selections
like on one through five rank, this or
this, or would you rather see A or B.
And this often comes through
just a feedback link button,
a form pop up, or an email survey, okay?
Three ways to get
information from your users.
Three more ways,
this is true intent studies.
I really love the simple thing of,
hi, why are you here today?
And getting an answer from them,
and okay, thanks.
Because that identifies kind of what
people are coming to your site for
pretty quickly.
If you're able to measure their subsequent
behavior and then ask whether they were
successful, it does require behavioral
analytics capabilities on a website.
But this is probably
the most powerful tool
that you can use when you're
measuring usability of a website,
or and trying to figure out
if your content is effective.
Intercept surveys.
Everybody's favorite survey when you're
trying to do something and pops up and
it's like taking a brief survey.
Has anybody ever said yes to that?
Anybody know?
No, I don't know what they're for.
And then email service Okay, so
we're gonna talk a little bit about
designing research for your users.
Can everybody identify a user persona or
user group, or something
that they're working, on or have worked
on, or is somebody not able to do that?
Yes, yes,
yes you feel like the airline agent.
Are you able to perform the duties
assigned to you in the emergency exit row?
Okay, so, we wonder,
this is the question you hope to
answer through your user research.
What is the core question or
the couple of questions you
would like to have answers to?
Why do you care?
What do you assume to be true
before you ask this question, and
what do you actually know, okay?
So here's an example.
We wonder, do prospective students
graduating from high school care as much
about money as their parents do?
This is for financial aid section.
We care because it affects who we write
financing and financial aid messages for
and where we put that
information on our website.
We assume that parents who are paying for
college care more than their kids do.
We do know that kids who are paying their
own way need this information to even
consider a school, okay?
So see how this opens the door to some
really specific interesting user research.